the karlsruher sc presents wildpark
tv powered by bath tv because is
Eventually, every series will end for
the ksc it was today after 20
unbeaten play with 1 2
defeat at unterhaching what has it
in your opinion was located
In my view, we are quite unnecessary
in the first half not at all
come game
I do not know if it's a concentration
was whether sap has nothing to do with the
to do attitude thus was from the beginning
a little bit bewitched and if you are if
one saw for the first time since 2002
Light and shadow of the trainer in the
halfway yes that was there
we have to be more aggressive that we better
still have to come in the battles
Do not give up the ball that fast
was the sticking point in the first one today
it is clear that you can not do everything at half-time
times to force the luck then one runs 1
0 afterwards and there it will be
difficult it is on Wednesday evening in
learn further what can you do if
at all if you can take something
You can do that today out of defeat
yes you could take with you can
them that we always play at the limit
need and nothing yet
is decided and that must be in the
Head in and have to go from week to week
and think of play and play
must now in the heads pure and is
nothing decided yet
struggle for promotion probably clear
we know what we can do we know how
we played but we have to go now
Just show it again and then
on success full success followed 100 percent
the first half is the decisive one
every case i guess advertise totally
missed lying back early
they did not take place in the game
found and there chased
second half it was okay then
have opened in the end that was just like
then get that again was a pretty
I can do that with the second time
it was ok but still saw live
that it is not enough just halfway
to play three or not
to really go into the game that that
do not land and I hope that now
to the right newspaper
you changed early after 20 minutes
already that rather unusual yes me
wait satisfied
also had many ball losses from
just move from the
Room layout does not have that at all
voted
Some were not there and that's why
but then it changed early
because good that Wednesday already goes further
yes I am glad that you are out of the game
learns faster that it can
It does not take that long with you
has to lug around but that was
that he can expand that again and
the catch-up game sibe founded the
karlsruher sc presents wildpark tv
powered by bathing tv